README.md, before:

# Sentry On-Premise

Official bootstrap for running your own [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

## Update

- Integrated LDAP(sentry.conf.py, modify as needed)
- Integrated mail(config.yml， modify as needed)

## Requirements

 * Docker 1.10.0+
 * Compose 1.6.0+ _(optional)_
 
 ## Minimum Hardware Requirements:
 
 * You need at least 3GB Ram

## Up and Running

Assuming you've just cloned this repository, the following steps
will get you up and running in no time!

There may need to be modifications to the included `docker-compose.yml` file to accommodate your needs or your environment. These instructions are a guideline for what you should generally do.

1. `docker volume create --name=sentry-data && docker volume create --name=sentry-postgres` - Make our local database and sentry volumes
    Docker volumes have to be created manually, as they are declared as external to be more durable.
2. `cp -n .env.example .env` - create env config file
3. `docker-compose build` - Build and tag the Docker services
4. `docker-compose run --rm web config generate-secret-key` - Generate a secret key.
    Add it to `.env` as `SENTRY_SECRET_KEY`.
5. `docker-compose run --rm web upgrade` - Build the database.
    Use the interactive prompts to create a user account.
6. `docker-compose up -d` - Lift all services (detached/background mode).
7. Access your instance at `localhost:9000`!

## Securing Sentry with SSL/TLS

If you'd like to protect your Sentry install with SSL/TLS, there are
fantastic SSL/TLS proxies like [HAProxy](http://www.haproxy.org/)
and [Nginx](http://nginx.org/).

## Updating Sentry

Updating Sentry using Compose is relatively simple. Just use the following steps to update. Make sure that you have the latest version set in your Dockerfile. Or use the latest version of this repository.

Use the following steps after updating this repository or your Dockerfile:
```sh
docker-compose build # Build the services again after updating
docker-compose run --rm web upgrade # Run new migrations
docker-compose up -d # Recreate the services
```

## Resources

 * [Documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/server/installation/docker/)
 * [Bug Tracker](https://github.com/getsentry/onpremise)
 * [Forums](https://forum.sentry.io/c/on-premise)
 * [IRC](irc://chat.freenode.net/sentry) (chat.freenode.net, #sentry)

Commit message:

feat: dockertags to get all tags of image

README.md, after:

# Sentry On-Premise

Official bootstrap for running your own [Sentry](https://sentry.io/) with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

## Update

- Integrated LDAP(sentry.conf.py, modify as needed)
- Integrated mail(config.yml， modify as needed)

## Requirements

 * Docker 1.10.0+
 * Compose 1.6.0+ _(optional)_
 
 ## Minimum Hardware Requirements:
 
 * You need at least 3GB Ram

## Up and Running

Assuming you've just cloned this repository, the following steps
will get you up and running in no time!

There may need to be modifications to the included `docker-compose.yml` file to accommodate your needs or your environment. These instructions are a guideline for what you should generally do.

1. `docker volume create --name=sentry-data && docker volume create --name=sentry-postgres` - Make our local database and sentry volumes
    Docker volumes have to be created manually, as they are declared as external to be more durable.
2. `cp -n .env.example .env` - create env config file
3. `docker-compose build` - Build and tag the Docker services, maybe need proxy as: `docker-compose build --build-arg http_proxy=http://1.2.3.4:1080 --build-arg https_proxy=http://1.2.3.4:1080`
4. `docker-compose run --rm web config generate-secret-key` - Generate a secret key.
    Add it to `.env` as `SENTRY_SECRET_KEY`.
5. `docker-compose run --rm web upgrade` - Build the database.
    Use the interactive prompts to create a user account.
6. `docker-compose up -d` - Lift all services (detached/background mode).
7. Access your instance at `localhost:9000`!

## Securing Sentry with SSL/TLS

If you'd like to protect your Sentry install with SSL/TLS, there are
fantastic SSL/TLS proxies like [HAProxy](http://www.haproxy.org/)
and [Nginx](http://nginx.org/).

## Updating Sentry

Updating Sentry using Compose is relatively simple. Just use the following steps to update. Make sure that you have the latest version set in your Dockerfile. Or use the latest version of this repository. You can use `dockertags` to check the whole tags of image like this:
```sh
chmod +x dockertags.sh
dockertags sentry
```

Use the following steps after updating this repository or your Dockerfile:
```sh
docker-compose build # Build the services again after updating
docker-compose run --rm web upgrade # Run new migrations
docker-compose up -d # Recreate the services
```

## Resources

 * [Documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/server/installation/docker/)
 * [Bug Tracker](https://github.com/getsentry/onpremise)
 * [Forums](https://forum.sentry.io/c/on-premise)
 * [IRC](irc://chat.freenode.net/sentry) (chat.freenode.net, #sentry)
